this rescue has thrown everything at
Cisco
but has their destination approaches she
still has to overcome the biggest
obstacle yet convincing people with
virtually nothing to handover a valuable
orangutan
boom baby this is the house but no one's
home it's clear they don't have much but
do they still have the orangutan having
come so far the team can't wait for the
owners to come home if there's a baby
orangutan here they need to find it find
the baby Alana
inside the house there's more than syska
bargained for
- baby orangutangs they quite healthy I
think me over there about a year I guess
they kill the mother and date the baby
that's what happened commonly here it's
hard to imagine killing such a beautiful
animal and taking its baby but for a
poor family living out here each
orangutan could be worth a month's wages
went along with them will costs about
$50 if they sell to people and it's
quite a lot of money for them
although sisca has the law on her side
it doesn't mean the owner will hand over
the babies quietly especially as it's
the team's policy never to give money
sometimes they will get very angry if if
we do not give any money at all
it's tempting to avoid a nasty
confrontation take the babies and leave
but it's important for Cisco to talk
with a man who's done this education is
a vital part of what the team does Sisca
can't convince him to hand over the
orangutangs voluntarily and understand
why it's wrong it may not be long before
the team are back here confiscating yet
another orphan orangutan and without
their mother it's a very long road back
to the wild